{"heading":"Me and My interest","body":"Sometimes, I think why I have interest in things which are not meant for me. If I can't pursue them in future then why universe introduced them in my life. And, I know if follow them then definetely I would do very well or even can conquer the world, but how to convince the family or the society that I am capable of it. Then motivational teachers says that society or even family support does not matter when you want to do something very aggressively, and then how to overlook them who raised me and how to overlook the society in which I have to live and maintain or uplift the respect that my family had made so far. Is this the price that we have to pay for pursing the path we want to have. History teaches me that everyone who had followed their path have always gone against the odds be it the family or the society. To be honest I am still standing at the point that Should purse my path or the path which is already decided by others for me. Is this the life I want??","password":"arun"}
{"heading":"Who are You?","body":"Have you ever done something or said something and after which you thought this is not me? If Yes, then it is totally normal because we as humans are designed to be like this only and this is something which we can't ignore. We tend to have a negative side of personality to us and everyone haves it, its just that it comes out when the situation becomes worse and we feels it right to be like that. You are still that same good person even after yelling on someone for no reason as sometimes the other person also needs to understand that he/she had crossed its limit and they must be it their limits with you. But if it becomes very regular then it must be a matter of concern for you and you need to think about it. Think about it!!!   ","password":"arun"}
{"heading":"Sports fest in RISHIHOOD UNIVERSITY","body":"It was a good event occurred here many teams in many sports compete here together, Rishihood university team secured second position in basket ball competing with RAI and in football also we secured second position overall environment was competiting.   ","password":"arun"}
